Central to SMU’s city campus, SMU Libraries are places of discovery and are active environments that inspire and educate. The Libraries contribute to the research, teaching, and learning needs of the SMU community through two physical libraries, Li Ka Shing Library and Kwa Geok Choo Law Library and via digital services.

Vision: To be a world-renowned university library. We advance research, education, complex problem solving, and cultivate lifelong learning through innovative approaches, information discovery and strategic partnerships to achieve meaningful impact. 

As a team, we uphold SMU’s CIRCLE values: 
1. Commitment 
Sticking to an agreement and seeing a project through to completion even when the going gets tough 
 
2. Integrity 
Being honest and truthful with yourself and especially with others 
 
3. Responsibility 
The voluntary act of holding oneself accountable for one's own actions 
 
4. Collegiality 
Collegiality means more than just getting along with people. It means being a responsible citizen within the University community  

5.Leadership 
Leadership is an influence, a conviction and a responsibility a team establishes 

6. Excellence 
Excellence entails giving your very best in every endeavour you undertake


Workshops:
[NEW] Planning for Effective Communication with Justyn Olby, SSC
The workshop will introduce attendees to a planning process and complementary tools to help them plan their communication. The attendees will learn how to plan, and what tools to use at each stage of the planning and delivery process. The learning from workshop will apply to both presentations and writing.
[NEW] AI Governance in the Age of Digital Intelligence with Assoc Prof. Zhu Feida, SCIS
In the global discourse on AI ethics, how to institute AI governance? New to you? Learn the key concepts and get a glimpse into the future.
R Episode Series with Assoc Prof. Kam Tin Seong, SCIS
Join Prof Kam in this 9-episode series of R workshops. No prior R programming experience is needed as long as you are willing to learn!
Python 101 Series with Bella Ratmelia, Librarian, Data Services
Join Bella in this Python 101 series where you will learn the basics of Python programming, various data types, and how to use Python packages and APIs! You are welcome regardless of your experience with Python, but please do note that this series is aimed for Python novices.
[NEW] Text Analysis with ProQuest TDM Studio with Bella Ratmelia, Librarian, Data Services
Power up your research with ProQuest Text and Data Mining (TDM) Studio's intuitive tools! Seamlessly curate content (news, journal articles, etc.) and delve straight into data analysis without any coding expertise needed.
[NEW] Generative AI powered search engines - Elicit, Scite assistant and Scispace with Aaron Tay, Lead, Data Services
Generative AI for literature review is hot. Join this hands-on workshop, where you have the opportunity to try your searches on Elicit, Scite assistant , Scispace and Bing Chat. Aaron will spend 20 minutes walking through the similarities and differences in the way these AI powered search engines work before giving participants a chance to try.
[NEW] Data Anonymization 101 for Researchers with Dong Danping, Senior Librarian, Research Services
In this introductory workshop for researchers, we will cover the basic concepts and techniques to anonymize research data effectively.
Cite Like Lightning. Use Zotero. with Benedict Yeo, Research Librarian, Social Sciences
Use Zotero to collect and manage your references and PDFs, insert in-text citations into a Word document and format your bibliographies automatically. Zap.
[NEW] LaTeX 101: Creating Your First LaTeX Document with Samantha Seah, Librarian, Digital Innovation
Always wanted to learn how to use LaTeX? In this workshop, we'll use Overleaf to show you the basics of formatting text, writing mathematical formulae, inserting figures and tables, and adding references to create your first LaTeX document. Beginners and non-coders welcome!
Learning Bloomberg the Fun Way with Tee Lip Hwe, Research Librarian, Accountancy & Business (Finance)
Uncover 10 gem Bloomberg functions.
[NEW] Let's Prospect with Crunchbase and BoardEx with Redzuan Abdullah, Research Librarian, Business
Identify your potential ICP (Ideal Customer Profile), be it companies or individuals based on industry, company size, and funding.
Researching with Google & Wikipedia with Asst Prof. Ksenia Tatarchenko, CIS & Li Zhenyan, Librarian, Learning & Engagement
What's wrong with using Wikipedia and Google for research? Can we use them? How do we optimise these research tools? We will also have a fireside chat about using AI tools for research.
Business Research 101: Get the Insider’s Scoop with the Library Peer Advisors - Yasmin Sara Rajlingam, LKCSB, Nur Isabella Binte Mohamad Norhaizat, SOSS & Aashmika Varma, SOSS
Want insider tips from your seniors to tackle business research for class assignments? Join this Library Peer Advisors (LPAs) session to learn more! Perfect for freshmen and 2nd years!
Research Skills for Entrepreneurs to Be with Melody Chin, Research Librarian, Economics, Sumita Govindan, Research Librarian, Business & Xia Wei, Research Librarian, Computing and Information Systems
Looking to start on your entrepreneurial journey? Join us to find resources you can leverage from SMU Libraries.
Understanding the Fundamentals of Legal Research with Bryan Leow, Associate Librarian, Law
Confused by the terms "legislation" and "case law"? Find out what is the difference and gain a better appreciation of how the Singapore legal system works, and where and how to find relevant Singaporean legal materials.
[NEW] First Steps in Text Mining Basics in Accounting and Finance with Tee Lip Hwe, Research Librarian, Accountancy & Business (Finance)
A gentle beginner's workshop on text mining in accounting and finance.
Contemporary Art from Southeast Asia: Thukhuma Collection with Kamiliah Bahdar, Curator, Art Collections and Programmes
Do you know our campus houses a diverse and lively collection of contemporary art from Southeast Asia? Take a tour through the Thukhuma Collection, a collection of contemporary paintings from Myanmar, and hear about the artists, the artworks, and the history of SMU Art Collection.


Registration Link: To register for workshops, please register here: https://eventregistration.smu.edu.sg/event/8331129c-55a8-4e59-89f5-7f09686282e2/regProcessStep1


Weekday Operating Hours:
Li Ka Shing Library	8:00am – 11:59pm
Learning Commons	24/7
Service Desk	8:30am – 7:00pm
Kwa Geok Choo Law Library	8:00am – 11:59pm
Learning Commons	24/7
Service Desk	8:30am – 7:00pm
"Ask Library" Chat	10:00am – 7:00pm

Sunday Operating Hours:
Li Ka Shing Library	1:00pm – 9:00pm
Learning Commons	24/7
Kwa Geok Choo Law Library	1:00pm – 9:00pm
Learning Commons	24/7
"Ask Library" Chat	Closed

Saturday Operating Hours:
Li Ka Shing Library	10:00am – 9:00pm
Learning Commons	24/7
Kwa Geok Choo Law Library	10:00am – 9:00pm
Learning Commons	24/7
"Ask Library" Chat	Closed